 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CPU  hardening  for Enhanced Application  Security  
 
Intel  SGX delivers  new  
instructions  and memory  
access  changes  enabling  a 
ground -breaking  security  
model  for developers.  
Hardware -assisted  Introduction  
Intel® Software  Guard  Extensions  (Intel® SGX)  helps  protect  selected  code and 
d a t a  from  disclosure  or modification.  Developers  can partition  their  application  
into hardened  “enclaves”  or trusted  execution  modules  to help increase  application  
security  (see Figure 1) . Using this new  application -layer  trusted  execution  
environment,  develop ers can enable  increased identity  and records  privacy,  more 
secure  browsing,  DRM,  harden ed endpoint  protection,  and many high assurance  
security  use cases  that need  to more safely  store  secrets  or protect  data.  
security technologies have 
arrived  for the application  
layer.  • Enhances  Confidentiality  
and Integrity  
Even in the presence  of privileged  
malware  at the OS, BIOS,  VMM,  or 
SMM  layers  
• Low  Learning  Curve  
A familiar  OS programming  model  
integrates  with  the parent  application  
and executes on main  CPU  • Remotely  Attest  & Provision  
A relying  party  can verify  an 
application  enclave’s identity  and 
m o r e  securely  provision  keys,  
credentials  and other  sensitive  data  
into the enclave  
• Help  Significantly  Reduce  
Attack  Surface  
The application runs and creates 
the enclave which is placed in 
trusted memory .   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Intel SGX  Capable  System  
Figure  1: Empower  developers  to better  protect  code  and data  
VULNERABILITY  
Intel SGX Enclave  
 Malware 
App  App  
BAD  
CODE  
 
Hacker  
 
Product  brief  
Intel Platform  Security Technologies  
Intel®  Software  Guard  Extensions  
Enhanced  Security  Features  for 
Applications  and Data  In-use Intel®  SGX  Product  Brief   
 
 
“Intel  SGX offers  critical  protections  
for password  vault  security today  and 
for biometric  factor matching.”  
– Security  Authentication  Vendor  
 
The Constraints  of Application  Security  
Developers  have long been  constrained  by the security  
capabilities  that major  platform  providers  have exposed  for 
application  development.  These  same  capabilities  are also  
well known  by hackers  who  have exploited  weaknesses  to 
steal  sensitive  data,  credentials,  or hijack code for attacks.  
Software  developers  have had to rely on the provider’s  
security  architecture  with  no means  to apply  a security  model  
designed  to fit their  own  requirements.  
A new  model  is now  available  that can leverage  the strengths  
of the platform  and OS but deliver  independence  for the 
developer  who  understands  what  application  secrets  need  
additional  protection.  Silicon assisted  security  technologies 
have a unique  place to augment  the OS to deliver  new  
capabilities  that 
help  applications  protect  themselves  according to developer  
needs.  
 
Intel SGX  - A New Approach  
To help address  the reality  of widespread  security  holes and 
compromised  systems,  Intel  set out to design  a hardware  
assisted  trusted  execution  environment  to help  minimize  the 
attack  surface.  Intel  SGX  delivers  new  Intel® Architecture  
instructions  that can be used  by applications  to set aside    
regions  that are more private and are  for select  code and 
data  that can help  prevent  direct  attacks  on executing  code 
or data  stored  in memory.  
 
 
 
 
SGX Application   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Figure  3: Runtime  Execution  
 
At runtime  (see Figure  3), the Intel  SGX  instructions  build and 
execute the enclave into a special  encrypted  memory  region  
with  restricted  entry/exit  location  defined  by the developer.  
This  helps  prevent  data  leakage:  Enclave code and data  
inside  the CPU perimeter  runs  in the clear , and enclave data  
written  to memory  is encrypted  and integrity  checked, 
helping  provide some assurance  that no unauthorized  
access or memory  snooping  of the enclave occurs . (See  
Figure  4.) 
 
 
 
Figure  2: Application  Partitioning  
 
Developing  Intel SGX  Applications  
In Figure  2, the application  design  illustrates  an Intel SGX  
application  that includes  two parts:  an untrusted  component  
that launches,  and a trusted  part  where  production  code 
runs  in an enclave.  A developer  can create 1 -n enclaves  that 
work  in concert  to support  distributed  architectures.  
Many solutions  benefit  from  the additional  protection  
provided  by Intel  SGX.  Solution  examples  include  AI and 
ML processing,  key management,  proprietary  algorithms,  
protection  of biometrics,  etc. Cores  
 
 
Cache  
SSN:  
111-00-1010  
 
 
 
 
 
 
CPU PACKAGE  
 
Figure  4: Security  Perimeter   
 
 
 
 
 
Memory Bus   
 
System  
Memory  
 
Jco3lks93  
7weu0cw  
ejpoi  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Snoop  
Snoop  2 
Privileged  System  Code
OS, VMM,  BIOS,  SMM,  ... 
1  Application  
 
Untrusted
Part  of App  
2 
Create
Enclave  
Trusted
Part  of App  
 
Process
Secrets  
3 
 Return  5 
Call Trusted()  
 
1.App  built with  trusted  (enclave ) and untrusted  
(OS) parts  
2.App  runs  and creates  the enclave which  is 
placed  in trusted  memory  
3.Trusted  function  is called,  execution  
transitioned  to the enclave  
4.Enclave sees  all process  data  in clear;  t h e  
t e c h n o l o g y  h e l p s  t o  d e n y  external  
access  to enclave data   
5.Trusted  function  returns;  enclave data  
remains  in trusted  memory  
6.Application  continues normal  execution  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Intel®  SGX  Product  Brief   
 
 
 
“Hardware -based security technologies  are a top priority for cloud  providers  aiming  to address  
enterprise  scaling  challenges.  Trusted  execution  technologies  such  as Intel  SGX are now  readily  
available  in a wide  range  of platforms  helping  to fuel innovation  in the digital  security ecosystem  
and further assist in implementation  roll-out.”  –Dimitrios  Pavlakis,  Industry  Analyst,  ABI Research  
Refere nce here  
 
 
Attesting  Enclaves and Sealing Data  
Currently, device  manufacturers  and ISVs commonly  
provision  application  software  and secrets  at 
manufacturing  time  or via complex field  configurations  
that cannot  cryptographically  prove application  integrity . 
Intel  SGX  enables  local  attestation  between  enclaves  or 
remote  attestation  by a Relying  Party  to help  ensure  the 
application  has not been  compromised.  
The portion  of an application  is loaded  into an enclave 
where  its code and data  are measured.  An enclave  report  
is sent  to the remote  application  owner’s  server  which  in 
turn  can validate  that the enclave report  was generated  
by an authentic  Intel  processor. (See  Figure  5). Upon  
verification  of the enclave identity,  the Relying  Party  can 
have more trust  in the enclave and provision  keys,  
credentials,  or other  data.  
 
 
Application  Service  
Provider  
 
 
 
 
Figure  6: Intel® SGX  Data  Center  Attestation  Primitives  
 
 
 
 
Figure  5: Attestation  and Sealing  
 
Intel  SGX  includes  an instruction  for generating  a CPU/  enclave specific  “Sealing  Key” that can be used  to more safely   
store  and retrieve  sensitive  information  that may need   
to be stored  to disk or  protected  while outside  the enclave.  
 
Data  Center  Attestation  
Intel® SGX  Data  Center Attestation  Primitives  (Intel® SGX  DCAP)  (See  Figure  6) allows the enterprise,  data  center and cloud 
service  providers  to build and deliver  an attestation  service  themselves,  rather  than  using  the remote  attestation  from  a 3rd 
party  provider. This  also  removes  the need  for direct  Internet  access and allows all provisioning  and quote  verification  to 
remain  on the local  network.  
 
Intel SGX  Helps Enable  New Security  Models  and Innovation  
The foundational  capability  of Intel  SGX  is to help enable  software  to be significantly  less vulnerable  to attacks  by providing  a 
higher  level of isolation  and attestation  for program  code,  data  and critical  IP from  the OS, applications  and hardware  on the 
platform.  Intel  SGX  has been  used  to h e l p  enhance  security  within  multiple use cases  and applications.  Examples  of these  
applications  are listed  on the following page:  
 
 
 
 
3 
Enclave  
REPORT  
Attestation
 
  
Intel SGX  Resources  
Intel  provides  an SDK  that is suitable  to use with  many 
production  implementations.  ISVs who  want  to ship  
commercial  software  that uses  Intel  SGX  should follow the 
steps  on the Intel  SGX  commercial  license page  to initiate the 
process  of applying  for a production  license.  
 
Intel SGX commercial license information: 
https://software.intel.com/sgx/request -license  
 
The Intel  SGX  SDK  is a collection  of APIs,  runtime  libraries,  
documentation,  sample  source code,  and tools  that allows  
software  developers  to creat e, debug,  and deploy Intel  SGX  
enabled  applications  using  C/C++.  
 
Intel SGX SDK:  
https://software.intel.com/sgx/sdk  
 
As part  of the on-boarding  process,  ISVs and Enterprise  
developers  can apply for and  obtain  permission for their 
enclave (s) to be added to the Intel  access list of certified  
implementations.  
 
 
 
 
We remind the reader that n o product or component can be absolutely secure.  
 
 
Download  Documentation  and the SDK  at: software.intel.com/sgx  
 
 
 
Intel  technologies’  features  and benefits  depend  on system  configuration  and may  require  enabled  hardware,  software  or service  activation.  Performance  varies  depending  on system  configuration . No 
product or component can be absolutely secure. Check with your system manufacture r or retailer or learn more at intel.com . Intel  and the logo  are trademarks  of Intel  Corporation  in the U.S. and/or  
other  countries.  
* Other  names  and brands  may  be claimed  as the property  of others.  
© 2019  Intel  Corporation.  
Specifications  
REQUIRED  HARDWARE  REQUIRED  DEVELOPMENT   SUPPORTED  OS 
•Intel® Xeon®  processor  E3-1500  v5 Windows  
and v6 • Window*  10 64 bit November  
•Intel® Xeon®  processor  E family  2100  • Microsoft  Visual  Studio * 2015  or 2017  Update  (version  1511)  or newer  
•6th, 7th, 8th, and 9th generations  of (Intel  Parallel  Studio is not required  • Windows*  Server  2016/2019  
the Intel® Core™ processor  family  any longer).  
Linux 
•Celeron® processor  J4105  or J4005  Linux:  
• Ubuntu * 16.04  LTS Server/Desktop 
(models  that include  BIOS  with  Intel  • GNU * toolchain  64-bit version SGX)  • Intel® SGX  Eclipse* Plug -in • Ubuntu * 18.04  LTS Server/Desktop  
•Intel® Platform  Developer  Kit for Intel  64-bit version  SGX  
•Red Hat*  Enterprise  Linux*  Server  
7.4 64-bit version  
•SUSE*  Linux  Enterprise  Server  12 
64-bit version  
•CentOS* 7.5 64-bit version  
•Fedora * 27 Server  64-bit version  
USE CASES  
 
Key Management  
Use enclaves to help manage cryptographic keys and provide 
HSM -like functionality.  
 
Blockchain  
Help increase privacy and security for transaction processing, 
consensus, smart contracts and key storage.  
 
Privacy  Enhancing  Analytics and Workloads  
Provide additional privacy and enable isolation for 
multi -party joint computation on sensitive data.  
 
Applications at Runtime  
Run unmodified applications within enclaves . 
 
Hardware -Enhanced Content Protection  
Help content owners protect their IP, through unaltered or 
unmodified streaming . 
 
Enhanced Application and Data Protection  
Help secure code execution with data isolation for increased 
protection . 
 
Edge Computing  
Help secure IoT edge devices to cloud and client 
communications.  
 
Digital Wallet  
More defe nse to help  secure payments and transactions . 
 
Communications and Messaging  
Help secure communications between sender and recipient.  
 