from: TrustZone.0329.md

The ariticle
    q: https://genode.org/documentation/articles/trustzone
    q: Please summarize the following articles in short.
    q: Please compare TrustZone and TPM in a table.
    q: What is bootstrap code?
    q: What are two lines in the section "Starting point" in the article?

Basic Concepts
    q: Is TrustZone a software or hardware?

TrustZone & HSM
    q: What is difference between TrustZone and HSM? Please also summarize in a table.
    q: What are relationships between TrustZone and HSM?
    q: Can TrustZone totally replace HSM?    

Normal World & Secure World
    q: Can Normal world and Secure World run at the same time in ARM?
    q: But can Normal world and Secure World run at the same time in multi processors of ARM?

Boot
    q: Does boot loader only run in secure world, not in normal world?
    q: How to swtich secure world to normal world when booting?
    q: What is ATF?

Memory
    q: How to define memory size of secure world?
    q: Can memory size of secure world be changed?
    q: What is MMU?
    q: What is TLB?

CPU
    q: What is SMP?
    q: What are difference between primary and seconday CPU cores?
    q: Please summarize the two types of CPU cores as a table.
    q: What are SCP and AP?
    q: Do SCP and AP in ARM share memory?
    q: What is differenct between Armv8-A and Armv8-M? Please summarize as a table.    

SM & SPM & SPD
    q: What is Secure Monitor?
    q: What is SMC?
    q: Can secure world request a service in normal world via SMC?
    q: What is SPM?
    q: What is SPD?
    q: Can SPD handle the request from the secure world?
    q: What are relationships of SPD, SPM and SMC?
    q: Why are SPD and SPM mutually exclusive?
    q: Is SPD an optional component?
    q: Can I use SPD instead of SM?

Secure Partition
    q: What is SP?
    q: Can different SPs communicate together?
    q: How to create a SP and when?
    q: Can I create a SP in run-time?
    q: What is TA?
    q: How do TAs and SPs communicate each other?
    q: Can a SP host many TAs?
    q: Can a TA communicate different SP?
    q: Is normal world a secure parition?
    q: Is secure world a secure partition?

Privilege Levels
    q: What are EL0, EL1, EL2, S-EL0, S-EL1, S-EL2, S-EL3?
